[3.2] docs(drawer): Revamped Drawer Overview (#824)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/drawer/overview.md

# Blazor Drawer Overview

The <a href="https://www.telerik.com/blazor-ui/drawer" target="_blank">Blazor Drawer component</a> is an interactive side panel for [navigating]({%slug drawer-navigation%}) in responsive web applications. It can be always visible, or expanded and collapsed. The Drawer allows switching the content of different sections on the page. You can customize its [templates]({%slug drawer-templates%}), [expand modes]({%slug drawer-modes%}), [minimize behavior]({%slug drawer-mini-mode%}) and also respond to [events]({%slug drawer-events%}).

## Creating Blazor Drawer

1. Add the `TelerikDrawer` tag to a Razor file.

> 1. Populate its `Data` (`IEnumerable<T>`) property with the collection of items you want the user to see.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Populate its `Data` property with the collection of items (`IEnumerable<T>`) for the user to see.
```

> 3. Set the `SelectedItem` (`T`) parameter. It supports one-way and two-way binding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set the `SelectedItem` parameter to a `T` object. It supports one-way and two-way binding.
```

> The <a href="https://www.telerik.com/blazor-ui/drawer" target="_blank">Blazor Drawer component</a> is a dismissible or permanently visible panel for [navigating]({%slug drawer-navigation%}) in responsive web applications. It allows switching the content of different sections of the page. You can customize its [templates]({%slug drawer-templates%}), [display]({%slug drawer-modes%}), behavior when [minimizing]({%slug drawer-mini-mode%}) and respond to [events]({%slug drawer-events%}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <a href="https://www.telerik.com/blazor-ui/drawer" target="_blank">Blazor Drawer component</a> is an interactive side panel for [navigating]({%slug drawer-navigation%}) in responsive web applications. It can be always visible, or expanded and collapsed. The Drawer allows switching the content of different sections on the page. You can customize its [templates]({%slug drawer-templates%}), [expand modes]({%slug drawer-modes%}), [minimize behavior]({%slug drawer-mini-mode%}) and also respond to [events]({%slug drawer-events%}).
```

> ## Creating Blazor Drawer

Reviewer: Clarify some things:
* Data should be `IEnumerable<T>`
* `SelectedItem` should be of type `T`
* Explain what is the "content" of the Drawer.
* `@ref` is not used to toggle the Drawer, but to obtain reference to the component instance. And that is used to toggle the Drawer.
* When you say "Set the MiniMode and Mode properties", the reader doesn't know what that is, and if they want to do it. Either explain, or skip. Maybe explain `Mode` and skip the `MiniMore` for now.

[Read more about the Blazor Drawer navigation]({%slug drawer-navigation%}).

## Modes

The Blazor Drawer provides *Push* and *Overlay* modes of expansion. [Read more about the Blazor Drawer modes]({%slug drawer-modes%}).

## Mini View

The Drawer is not visible by default when it is collapsed. To leave a small hint for the user, the Drawer provides a Mini View so they can navigate with just a single action. [Read more about the Blazor Drawer mini view]({%slug drawer-mini-mode%}).

## Selection

The Drawer component has an option to pre-select the desired item, then use the highlighted item to load/generate content, or denote the current page. [Read more about the Blazor Drawer selection]({%slug drawer-selection%}).

## Templates

The Blazor Drawer allows full control of the item rendering and layout. The component has an *ItemTemplate* and *Template*. [Read more about the Blazor Drawer templates]({%slug drawer-templates%}).

## Drawer Icons

To illustrate the purpose of each Drawer item, the Blazor Drawer has the option to add images, icon classes, or font icons. [Read more about the Blazor Drawer icons]({%slug drawer-icons%}).

## Refresh Data

> The Drawer can refresh its data manually so the component can react to changes in the collection. [Read more about the Blazor Drawer data refresh]({%slug drawer-refresh-data%}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Drawer can refresh its data manually so the component can react to changes in the items collection. [Read more about the Blazor Drawer data refresh]({%slug drawer-refresh-data%}).
```

## Drawer Parameters

The Blazor Drawer provides various parameters to configure the component. Also check the [Drawer public API](https://docs.telerik.com/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.Components.TelerikDrawer-1).

<style>
    article style + table {
        table-layout: auto;
        word-break: normal;
    }
</style>
| Parameter | Type and Default Value | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `Class` | `string` | Renders a custom CSS class to the `<div class="k-drawer-container">` element. Use it to make it fit your layout (e.g., set a `height: 100%` to it, if needed). |
| `Expanded` | `bool` | Specifies whether the Drawer is expanded or collapsed. If this parameter is used to expand or collapse the component the animations will not be available. To use animations you have to use the Drawer's [Methods](#methods). It is possible, however, to use the value to implement custom layouts in the drawer [templates]({%slug drawer-templates%}) or in your own layout.|
| `Mode` | `DrawerMode` enum <br /> (`Overlay`) | Controls whether the Drawer is in `Push` or `Overlay` mode. |

> | `MiniMode` | `bool` | Controls whether there is mini view when the Drawer is collapsed. |

Reviewer: link

| `Position` | `DrawerPosition` enum <br /> (`Left`) | Determines on which side of the `DrawerContent` the item list will render. |

> | `Width` | `string` | The width of the Drawer when expanded. |

Reviewer: Wasn't there a default value here?

## Drawer Reference and Methods

> The Drawer methods are accessible through it's reference. The reference exposes several methods that enable the transition animations. These methods change the value of the `Expanded` parameter.

Reviewer: The first 2 sentences say the same thing.

<style>
    article style + table {
        table-layout: auto;
        word-break: normal;
    }
</style>
| Method | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | `ExpandAsync` | Allows you to change the state of the Drawer so it is expanded. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ExpandAsync` | Expands the Drawer. |
```

> | `CollapseAsync` | Allows you to change the state of the Drawer so it is collapsed. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CollapseAsync` | Collapses the Drawer. |
```

> | `ToggleAsync` | Allows you to expand or collapse the component depending on the current state of the Drawer. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ToggleAsync` | Expands or collapses the Drawer, depending on the current state. |
```

}
````

## Next Steps

* [Bind the Drawer to Data]({%slug drawer-data-binding%})

* [Define the Drawer Templates]({%slug drawer-templates%})

> * [Explore the Drawer Navigation]({%slug drawer-navigation%})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Use the Drawer for Navigation]({%slug drawer-navigation%})
```
